ECCV2022-Real-Time Intermediate Flow Estimation for Video Frame Interpolation.
ICCV2019 - Learning to Paint With Model-based Deep Reinforcement Learning.
PyTorch implementation of Multi-Label Image Recognition with Graph Convolutional Networks, CVPR 2019.
A series of basic algorithms that are useful for video understanding, including Single Object Tracking (SOT), Video Object Segmentation (VOS) and so on.
The official PyTorch implementation of paper BBN: Bilateral-Branch Network with Cumulative Learning for Long-Tailed Visual Recognition.
Paint artistic patterns using random neural network.
The state-of-the-art image restoration model without nonlinear activation functions.
Homepage for the joint course of Megvii Inc. and Peking University on Deep Learning.
The official implementation of [CVPR2022] Decoupled Knowledge Distillation https://arxiv.org/abs/2203.08679
Multi-Stage Pose Network
[ECCV2022] MOTR: End-to-End Multiple-Object Tracking with TRansformer
An official implementation of the Anchor DETR.
[ECCV2022] PETR: Position Embedding Transformation for Multi-View 3D Object Detection
Official MegEngine implementation of CREStereo(CVPR 2022 Oral).
This repo contains the implementation of our state-of-the-art fewshot object detector, described in our CVPR 2021 paper, FSCE: Few-Shot Object Detection via Contrastive Proposal Encoding.
Tutorials for deep learning course here.
"SOLQ: Segmenting Objects by Learning Queries", SOLQ is an end-to-end instance segmentation framework with Transformer.
This repository contains the official implementation of DPGN: Distribution Propagation Graph Network for Few-shot Learning.
Official implement of CoNR: Collaborative Neural Rendering using Anime Character Sheets.
2nd solution of NIPS2017 LearningToRun Competition.
The official PyTorch implementation of paper Exploring Categorical Regularization for Domain Adaptive Object Detection (CR-DA-DET).
Official PyTorch implementation of the paper "Deep Constrained Least Squares for Blind Image Super-Resolution", CVPR 2022.
A hyperparameter manager for deep learning experiments.
[IJCAI 2022] FQ-ViT: Post-Training Quantization for Fully Quantized Vision Transformer.
A model compression and acceleration toolbox based pytorch.
Megvii FILE Library - Working with Files in Python.
Test-time Local Converter.
[CVPR2022] Tree Energy Loss: Towards Sparsely Annotated Semantic Segmentation.
Feature Space Singularity for Out-of-Distribution Detection(SafeAI 2021). 
Course materials for Introduction to Neural 3D Reconstruction.
PyTorch implementation of SSQL (Accepted to ECCV2022 oral presentation).
Implementation of the Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient(DDPG) in bullet Gym using pytorch.
Official implementation of the paper "Progressive End-to-End Object Detection in Crowded Scenes".
torch version of instant-ngp, image rendering.
Official code for CVPR 2022 paper "Relieving Long-tailed Instance Segmentation via Pairwise Class Balance".
RealFlow: EM-based Realistic Optical Flow Dataset Generation from Videos[ECCV 2022 Oral].
1st Solution For NeurIPS 2021 Competition on ML4CO Dual Task.
A codebase & model zoo for pretrained backbone based on MegEngine.
The official PyTorch implementation of the paper "Motion Basis Learning for Unsupervised Deep Homography Estimation with Subspace Projection".
Slides with modifications for a course at Tsinghua University.
Cascade Pyramid Netwrok.
Official Implementation of the detection self-distillation framework LGD.
Learning Optical Flow with Adaptive Graph Reasoning (AGFlow, AAAI-2022).
[ACMMM 2022] Learnability Enhancement for Low-light Raw Denoising: Where Paired Real Data Meets Noise Modeling.
Arch-Net: Model Distillation for Architecture Agnostic Model Deployment.
MM2022 Workshop-Perceptual Conversational Head Generation with Regularized Driver and Enhanced Renderer.
Official pytorch implementation of ProtoCLIP in paper Prototypical Contrastive Language Image Pretraining.
Co-mining: Self-Supervised Learning for Sparsely Annotated Object Detection, AAAI 2021.
PyTorch implementation of KPA-Flow. Learning Optical Flow with Kernel Patch Attention (CVPR-2022).
[ECCV 2022] The official experimental code of "Sobolev Training for Implicit Neural Representations with Approximated Image Derivatives".
PyTorch implementation of A Lightweight Encoder-Decoder Path for Deep Residual Networks.
argparse extension for hpman.
PyTorch implementation of Delving Deep into Spatial Pooling for Squeeze-and-Excitation Networks.
JuiceFS Python SDK.
The official MegEngine implementation of the ECCV 2022 paper: Ghost-free High Dynamic Range Imaging with Context-aware Transformer.
Official implementation of the FST-Matching Model.
Megvii Electric Moped Detector (ONNX based inference).
Code for ECCV2022 paper 'KD-MVS: Knowledge Distillation Based Self-supervised Learning for Multi-view Stereo'.
CV Master , bilibili, megstudio 
Official MegEngine implementation of ECCV2022 "D2C-SR: A Divergence to Convergence Approach for Real-World Image Super-Resolution".
[ECCV2022] Motion Sensitive Contrastive Learning for Self-supervised Video Representation.
This repo is the official megengine implementation of the ECCV2022 paper: Efficient One Pass Self-distillation with Zipf's Label Smoothing.
[CVPR2022] Semi-Supervised Wide-Angle Portraits Correction by Multi-Scale Transformer.
Pytorch version of GeneGAN
[CVPR2022] Unsupervised Homography Estimation with Coplanarity-Aware GAN
A nevergrad extension for hpman
[ECCV2022] Revisiting the Critical Factors of Augmentation-Invariant Representation Learning
basecore is a simple repo that provides deep learning frame for MegEngine.


